ReadMe Review (#419)
Particular/NServiceBus.AzureFunctions.Worker.ServiceBus: README.md

# NServiceBus.AzureFunctions.Worker.ServiceBus

NServiceBus.AzureFunctions.Worker.ServiceBus supports processing messages in AzureFunctions using the Azure Service Bus trigger and the NServiceBus message pipeline.

It is part of the [Particular Service Platform](https://particular.net/service-platform), which includes [NServiceBus](https://particular.net/nservicebus) and tools to build, monitor, and debug distributed systems.

# Documentation

> See the [Using NServiceBus in Azure Functions (isolated process) documentation](https://docs.particular.net/samples/azure-functions/service-bus-worker/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Using NServiceBus in Azure Functions (isolated process) documentation](https://docs.particular.net/nservicebus/hosting/azure-functions-service-bus/) for more details.
```
